# Project3
I did not get my whole project working correctly.  In my DateTimeOne class, I did not figure out how to format the dates in the desired way.  I decided to use private zoneIds and a private LocalDateTime to allow for easier creation of the objects later.  I also created a private Hashmap for the String keys and LocalDateTime values and a private int for the currentSeconds.  Everything else worked (as far as I can remember) except the style printing.
I believe my DateTimeTwo class works much better.  I created an abstract class for that class, which obviously zyLabs did not like.  I removed all references to it when I was finished, but I included it in my repository because I already created it and did not want to remove it.
My MesoAsciiCal class did not work properly.  I was going to change it and try another submission to zyLabs but I ran out of time to where it would benefit me to do so.  I was creating the change and stopped whenever I ran out of time.
I used a BufferedReader to read in the Mesonet.txt file in MesoEquivalent.  Then I created two MesoAsciiCal objects to compare.  If they equaled each other, they were put into the private hashMap I created.  If not, it would just read the next line.  Then the hashMap was returned at the end of the method.
MesoLexicographical ended up being a much smaller class than I anticipated.  I just created the constructor for the class with a for loop that would print the key in the hashMap parameter as a String.  I then sorted the hashMap in my method by putting all the keys (and their associated values) into a TreeMap, which sorts them automatically.  I then returned the new treeMap.
